[Music]
my name is Jim Kimmel and I teach what
is the Kimmel School of perfect acting
well then quite simply it's the greatest
acting school there ever was or ever
will be every moment in which you aren't
acting is a moment that you are dying
you don't take Jim's class to feel
comfortable you take Jim's class to be
pushed genius doesn't even begin to
describe Jim he's a master
I'm not simply a teacher I'm a sculptor
with these hands this and this i molded
some of the finest actors of this
generation and he'd repeat after me
hello I'm a fancy British man hello I'm
a fancy British man okay are you British
or are you from the Philippines talk
like British people is it so difficult
for you you're from there he's from
there now his methods they may seem
quite controversial to some folks but
let me tell you when someone lights your
script on fire and duct tapes it to your
hands you're gonna find a way to say
your lines the critic the critic is your
and and so we must meet the enemy head
on facing Jim is a critic tested my
limits as a performer
and as a human being you act
I'll critic mama it's time I told you
the truth about me and Ricky I saw
frozen last night it was I know daddy
won't approve but so short such a short
little person you can't stay here with
Daddy coz it's temper is something more
like a hobbit than anything he's no good
for any of us
speak up Muppet baby and I really just
wish Jim makes you face your worst fear
which is usually him Jim well he's he's
like a father to me I mean so much so
that one time he had me call my actual
father and tell him to okay so I'm gonna
stand over here should I stand here she
is in here excuse me excuse me what are
you what what are you doing what do you
baby baby he's so in touch and he's just
so generous this is an exercise that I
call the distrust fall your job is to
fall fall fall I will not catch you okay
do you trust me yes you shouldn't okay
because I am NOT going to catch you
correct when you fall it will be on to
the ground okay
Eddie I'd like you to scream cry the
lines you have where's my wife less
screaming more crying whatever it's mud
there was no screaming at all there's a
it's called a scream cry Oh
did you hear how terrible that was that
was terrible
sit down fill the cup with tears Tilda
Swinton would have filled 3/4 of those
cups by now you realize that who is my
favorite student that is a very
difficult question to answer because I
hate them all so very much Jim told me
he didn't think I could act my way out
of a paper bag so he made me prove it
tiger
I stand corrected
[Applause]
[Music]
you